README.md, before:

# HTML Character / Entity Converter

## Overview

This tool converts special characters to their HTML versions, for example converting &#339; to the string `&#339;`. The output file(s) are saved - by default - a filename-processed.txt (keeping the original extension).

## Help

```text
usage: convert.py [-h] [--customsuffix CUSTOMSUFFIX] [--dropextension] [--debug]
            [--displayonly] [--showfilename] source_file [source_file ...]

Special character to HTML processor. This tool converts special characters to
their HTML versions, e.g. &#1234;. The output file(s) will be saved as
filename-processed.txt.

positional arguments:
  source_file           The file(s) to process

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --debug               Display debugging information

File Writing/Saving Options:
  These options let you customize the file saving/naming behavior. If you wish
  to save with a custom filetype, combine --dropextension with --customsuffix

  --customsuffix CUSTOMSUFFIX, -s CUSTOMSUFFIX
                        Set a custom suffix to add to the file when saving
  --dropextension, -x   Set a custom suffix to add to the file when saving

Display / stdout:
  --displayonly, -d     Display the data only; do not write output files
  --showfilename, -n    Display the filename above the output (e.g. if
                        processing multiple files)
```

## External Links & References

- [HTML Entities](https://www.w3.org/TR/html4/sgml/entities.html)

Commit message:

Update readme with new examples

README.md, after:

# HTML Character / Entity Converter

## Overview

This tool converts special characters to their HTML versions, for example
converting &#339; to the string `&#339;`. The output file(s) are saved - by
default - a filename-processed.txt (keeping the original extension).

## Help

```text
usage: convert.py [-h] [--outpath OUTPATH] [--nosuffix] [--debug]
            [--customsuffix CUSTOMSUFFIX] [--dropextension] [--displayonly]
            [--showfilename] source_file [source_file ...]

"Special character" to HTML processor. 
    This tool converts special characters to their HTML versions, e.g. &#1234;.
    The output file(s) are saved - by default - a filename-processed.txt
    (keeping the original extension).
    

positional arguments:
  source_file           The file(s) to process

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --debug               Display debugging information

File Writing/Saving Options:
  These options let you customize the file saving/naming behavior.

  To save with a custom filetype, combine --dropextension and --customsuffix

  --outpath OUTPATH, -o OUTPATH
                        Write files to the specified output location
  --nosuffix, -S        Don't add "-processed" to filename. Use w/eg. --outpath)
  --customsuffix CUSTOMSUFFIX, -s CUSTOMSUFFIX
                        Set a custom suffix to add to the file when saving.
  --dropextension, -x   Drop the existing file extension

Display / stdout:
  --displayonly, -d     Display the data only; do not write output files
  --showfilename, -n    Display the filename above the output (e.g. if
                        processing multiple files)


Usage Examples:

    convert.py -S example-file.md
        Processes "example-file.md" and saves as "example-file-processed.md" in
        the same directory as the source.

    convert.py -S -o out/ some-file.txt
        Saves processed files to path "out/" w/identical names to input files)
```

## External Links & References

- [HTML Entities](https://www.w3.org/TR/html4/sgml/entities.html)
